com/cg/onlineshopping/config/SwaggerConfig.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.config.SwaggerConfig
com/cg/onlineshopping/service/ILoginServiceImpl.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.service.ILoginServiceImpl
com/cg/onlineshopping/entities/Order.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.entities.Order
com/cg/onlineshopping/service/IProductService.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.service.IProductService
com/cg/onlineshopping/repository/ILoginRepository.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.repository.ILoginRepository
com/cg/onlineshopping/repository/ICustomerRepository.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.repository.ICustomerRepository
com/cg/onlineshopping/service/ICartService.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.service.ICartService
com/cg/onlineshopping/repository/ICartRepository.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.repository.ICartRepository
com/cg/onlineshopping/service/ILoginService.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.service.ILoginService
com/cg/onlineshopping/entities/Customer.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.entities.Customer
com/cg/onlineshopping/exception/ValidationException.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.exception.ValidationException
com/cg/onlineshopping/entities/Cart.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.entities.Cart
com/cg/onlineshopping/exception/NotAUserException.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.exception.NotAUserException
com/cg/onlineshopping/controller/CartRestController.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.controller.CartRestController
com/cg/onlineshopping/controller/LoginRestController.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.controller.LoginRestController
com/cg/onlineshopping/entities/User.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.entities.User
com/cg/onlineshopping/exception/NotFoundException.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.exception.NotFoundException
com/cg/onlineshopping/exception/ExceptionResponse.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.exception.ExceptionResponse
com/cg/onlineshopping/exception/ProductIdNotInCartException.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.exception.ProductIdNotInCartException
com/cg/onlineshopping/service/ICustomerServiceImplementation.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.service.ICustomerServiceImplementation
com/cg/onlineshopping/exception/NoProductFoundInCartException.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.exception.NoProductFoundInCartException
com/cg/onlineshopping/service/ICartServiceImplementation.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.service.ICartServiceImplementation
com/cg/onlineshopping/OnlineShoppingApplication.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.OnlineShoppingApplication
com/cg/onlineshopping/entities/Product.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.entities.Product
com/cg/onlineshopping/controller/OrderRestController.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.controller.OrderRestController
com/cg/onlineshopping/controller/AddressRestController.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.controller.AddressRestController
com/cg/onlineshopping/exception/CartIsAlreadyEmptyException.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.exception.CartIsAlreadyEmptyException
com/cg/onlineshopping/exception/DeletionException.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.exception.DeletionException
com/cg/onlineshopping/service/ICustomerService.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.service.ICustomerService
com/cg/onlineshopping/service/IOrderService.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.service.IOrderService
com/cg/onlineshopping/service/IAddressService.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.service.IAddressService
com/cg/onlineshopping/service/ProductServiceImpl.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.service.ProductServiceImpl
com/cg/onlineshopping/exception/ProductNotFoundException.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.exception.ProductNotFoundException
com/cg/onlineshopping/service/IAddressServiceImplementation.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.service.IAddressServiceImplementation
com/cg/onlineshopping/exception/AlreadyExistsException.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.exception.AlreadyExistsException
com/cg/onlineshopping/service/IOrderServiceImplementation.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.service.IOrderServiceImplementation
com/cg/onlineshopping/repository/IAddressRepository.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.repository.IAddressRepository
com/cg/onlineshopping/repository/IOrderRepository.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.repository.IOrderRepository
com/cg/onlineshopping/repository/ICategoryRepository.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.repository.ICategoryRepository
com/cg/onlineshopping/controller/CustomerRestController.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.controller.CustomerRestController
com/cg/onlineshopping/exception/CartNotFoundException.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.exception.CartNotFoundException
com/cg/onlineshopping/exception/CustomizedResponseEntityExceptionHandler.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.exception.CustomizedResponseEntityExceptionHandler
com/cg/onlineshopping/entities/Category.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.entities.Category
com/cg/onlineshopping/repository/IProductRepository.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.repository.IProductRepository
com/cg/onlineshopping/entities/Address.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.entities.Address
com/cg/onlineshopping/controller/ProductRestController.java
 com.cg.onlineshopping.controller.ProductRestController
